---
layout: post
title: Reunification Day Party
---


This is an open disclosure 
re:  Krystal's claim about software:

1. TAP does not release its own software. This claim is false.
2.  TAP's main forum is Telegram. The Telegram client is open source - this means the code is open for all to read. It can be examined for backdoors and malicious code. 
The Telegram server where all info is stored however is NOT open source. It may very well be that nefarious things are happening - like data given to the ADF! ps. Rumour has it that Krystal is on Telegram but I believe that to just be a psy-op to discredit her.

re: the software TAP recommends "is tracking and monitoring software."
3. Despite alternatives, TAP does all its group meetings in Zoom. This is closed source software. As such, one does not know what is happening with the data. Zoom last year also received heavy fines for lying that it communication was encrypted.
4.  TAP, again despite alternatives, like our local Element channels, promotes proprietary closed source 'Discord' for internal communication. Notably, my decision to create the Matrix channels was not taken well by the Satellite manager.
5.  TAP also uses Gulag Maps and if you wish to sign-up for a media position you need to sign-up through Gulag - which will most likely have your phone number and other identifying information.
6.  TAP also uses Facebooks Instagram for interviews. You will need an account to view this. i.e you will need to give over identifying data. They do not post these videos elsewhere for viewing.

So does this, in fact, absolutely terrible record of bad communication choices make TAP National a psy-op? It is certainly smart to ask the question! It may be that as a grass roots operation with little tech knowledge and awareness that they do not make good choices. It may be they justify these choices thinking that they need to reach the people on these platforms (but to the detriment of those not on proprietary software?)
However the bottom line is, there is no clear evidence of mal intent that I have conclusively seen - but one should also be vigilant. Innocent until proven guilty.

In any case - BE the change that YOU wish to see in the world!

Please be assured however that in service to the ADF I will be continue to place subliminal messages inbetween each crafted character here - so please do not resist. This mind control will restructure your DNA despite not having the poison poke. You're welcome!

